Add an optional schemaUri to the context (#184)
cdevents/spec: spec.md

  - REQUIRED
  - MUST be a non-empty string

### OPTIONAL Context Attributes

#### schemaURI

- Type: [`URI`][typesystem]
- Description: link to a `jsonschema` schema that further refines the event schema
  as defined by CDEvents.

>   The schema provided by the `schemaURI` must can be stricter than the CDEvents one,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The schema provided by the `schemaURI` MUST be stricter than the CDEvents one,
```

Author: Fixed

>   but MUST NOT allow elements that would not be allowed by the CDEvents schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and thus MUST NOT allow elements that would not be allowed by the CDEvents schema.
```

>   For example the `schemaURI` go define the content of `customData` or restrict a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the schema at `schemaURI` could define the content of `customData` or restrict a
```

Author: Fixed
